From Hansel minutes.gov it's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 91 recorded
live Thursday, September 26th, 2013. This episode
of Hansel minutes is brought
to you by Tellerik offering
the best in developer tools
and support online@cerik.com and by
Franklin stock net makers of
gesture pack a powerful gesture,
recording and recognition system for
Microsoft connect for windows developers
details. Add gesture P a
k.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Raquel the labs
about controlling robots with JavaScript
and node JS. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And today I'm talking again
to Raquel Velez. How are
you? Hi, I'm doing really
well. Thanks. We're going to
talk about robots. We talked
about node a little bit
last time and kind of
like getting people started in
node. And then I go
and I look@nodebots.io and I,
I blink. And the next
thing I know you're controlling
robots with JavaScript. Yeah, that's
pretty much, that's pretty much
right. So getting involved in,
in robots for me seems
very intimidating. It seems like
I'm not going to be
smart enough. There's going to
be some SI involved. I've
overwritten all of those brain
cells with other information. All
my C related brain cells
are gone. Of course. Yeah.
Those are brain cells that
I've used in college. And
now they're, I don't know
what they have on them
now, my friend number. Right.
And, and, and I seem
to see when I look
around on like hacker news
and some of the, the,
the forums that there's kind
of mixed feelings about doing
kind of control systems and
hardware with JavaScript, there, there
are some people who feel
very strongly that this is
a bad thing. And then
there are other things that
feel that this is really
the best thing that could
ever happen. Like suddenly the
language that we can hack
on in notepad and JavaScript
is not letting us control
robots. So why JavaScript, Why
JavaScript? So the major question
that I like to ask
is why not JavaScript? So
the thing about about JavaScript
is that it's really prevalent.
And especially amongst web developers,
if you're doing any front
end code, you know, JavaScript,
if you're a node developer,
you're obviously doing JavaScript, JavaScript
is really easy to pick
up. It's really easy to
use and people just love
it. And the fact of
the matter is, so I
have, I've been, I've been
a roboticist for about 12
years now, so I've seen
it all from C plus
plus Python, and now I'm
using JavaScript for my robots.
And the reason I do
it is not because it's
going to make my robot
faster or stronger or smarter
necessarily, but more about just
bringing robotics to more people.
You don't have to be
a CAEP developer or a
Python developer to build robots
anymore. And you shouldn't have
to be it's about having
the opportunity to just say,
alright, let's, let's use what
we know. And we know
JavaScript and let's start playing
with some robots. And the
other major thing is when
I think about diversity of
thought, especially in fields that
are really complex, like robotics,
we think a lot about,
well, okay. So there are
all these people with PhDs
and huge, huge government checks,
writing, writing these amazing software
algorithms and, you know, building
these vehicles that can drive
by themselves and whatever, blah,
blah, blah. But there are
huge problems that they have,
like sensor fusion is a
really hard problem to solve.
And the whole idea behind
sensor fusion is just imagine
you are, you are a
robot and you have eyes
and ears and a nose,
and trying to get all
of that information tied into
one thing to try to
decide, determine where you are
in the world and what
you're doing the same. You
have the same problem with
robots, right? You've got, got
cameras and you've got microphones
and you've got a distance
and range sensors and trying
to merge all of that
information together to, in a
way that says, okay, I
know where I am. I
know what I'm doing. That's
a really hard problem to
solve. And sometimes I kind
of think about, well, what
if as a Java script
developer, you come up with
you come in with a
completely brand new, fresh understanding
of the world. What if,
what if, what what's something
like, no, which is a
single stream, a single thread
language or platform either. What
if you could, what if
we could solve that problem
in a completely different way,
like using a different method.
So I kind of, from
a more academic standpoint, I
like this notion of let's,
let's just throw something, let's
show it all to the
wind. Let's do something completely
different and try something new
and see how it goes.
Okay. So let me see
if we can take, take
this apart. That was a
lot of information. I think
we have about a half
an hour to, to understand
it. So I heard you
say that, that, and then
this sounded very academic, but
sensor fusion is a big
problem. So that makes me
feel like lots of different
disparate and diverse data streams
like bumpers and, and audio
and infrared and all the
different things that a robot
could use to make a
determination about what to use
next are dealing with that
stream of information. Those events
is extremely challenging. And I
can only assume that using
a relatively low level language
like C would just make
that more challenging. And you
would presumably rely on the
last 20 years of C
and robotics libraries to hide
that from you. Right, right.
With JavaScript, you've got this
inventing model. Right? Exactly. So
the thing is, so it's
something like C or Python,
you would have threats, right?
You, you have a multithreaded
environment. And so what you
would normally do is you
would have each sensor. So
let's say you've got a
camera pair and you've got
a bumper sensor. Right. And
so that's basically going to
help you. Let's say you're
a little robot going around
a room or amaz it's
going to help you see
the wall and feel the
wall. So you'd have a
different thread stream for a
bumper information and for, you
know, what you're seeing in
front of you. And, and
then, so China, basically having
those two parallel streams and
merging the data together in
a way that says, okay,
here's, what's actually happening in
the world. This is where
the wall is. That's a
pretty difficult problem to solve.
Like, do you timestamp it?
Or, you know, how do
you, how do you put
all the information together in
JavaScript? You have this event
ID system that basically says,
okay, well, I'm only going
to take, you know, a
little bit of information at
a time. So right now,
let me talk to all
of my sensors, where are
we? Let's next thing. Let's
talk to all my sensors,
where are we? And try
to, like, basically you can
argue, I don't know. And
I'm totally just making this
up as I go along.
But, but I mean, that's
a possibility what if, what
if we just think about
the problem in a completely
different way? What if we
think about it using JavaScript
instead of using, you know,
C or C plus plus,
or Python or something Let's
get specific? What does JavaScript
bringing? Is it the, is
it the event model? Is
it the way that node
thinks about stream, you know,
streams of data that, that
brings a different way of
interacting with hardware? I think
so. I mean, I think
that's the big thing. So,
so the way that we
do node bots, let's, let's
step back and, and give
some power to our listeners
here. So right now, kind
of the most popular way
of doing, starting with node
bots is to first say,
so you have an Arduino,
which is just a nice
little microcontroller board that you
can get for about 20
bucks. So are doing those
are, are the kind of
pretty preferred way, or this
is what the, I guess
the module that you start
with is called the Johnny
five module from the short
circuit movies, Arduinos assumed. Right.
Right. And so we stick
with an Arduino for now.
They're just really prevalent, fairly
cheap, really easy to get
your hands on in Arduino.
So you've got an Arduino
and you, you basically load
it up with you, use
standard for Mada and you
use fermata is just kind
of like the, the basic
language for the Ardwino. And
so really right out of
the box, you don't even
have to actually worry about
anything. It comes with standard
fermata by default, but then
you, it up with your
USB, plug it into your,
into your computer and you
will use Johnny five, which
is a node module to
basically get started. And it's
really easy if you're, if
you know, jQuery at all,
even if you're only just
like really tangentially, like familiar
with it, you know, that
you kind of have this
selector and then a dot
and then some sort of
action. Right. And so Johnny
five is really similar in
that you say, let's say
you're, instead of selecting like
an element on your page,
you're selecting a sensor or
an actuator. And the difference
between a sensor and actuator
is a sensor is something
that lets you see what's
in the world. So like
a camera or like a
bumper sensor or something like
that. And then an actuator
is something that you put
out into the world. So
like a motor or a
servo or an led. So,
so you basically say, all
right, well let's say I
have an led and you
plug it into your board.
We can talk about that
in a different way and
another time at a second
or something, but you plug
it in and then in
your code you can just
say led dot blink. Right.
And, and you will like,
it'll turn on and turn
off if you have it.
So it's something where it's
like really easy. Like you
just have this, you have
a selector kind of, which
is like your, your, the
piece that you're using. And
then you have an action
that so servo dot blank
or sorry, led dot blank
or servo dot move. And
then you have, you can
put an argument's like move
it 20 degrees. So you
just say serve with that,
move to it. Okay. So
let's, let's break that down.
I'm looking@thenodebox.io site. And we,
we go and we say
require Johnny fives. We bring
in that library and then
we say five dot board
and we make a new
instance of board. And presumably
that represents the actual Arduino
board that I'm looking at.
Right. And then just like
we say, document ready. We
can say board ready when
the board's ready, then do
some stuff. Presumably there's some
initialization that happens and that's
why we need a ready.
And then I'm looking at
some code here that says
five dot led 13. Like
you could have an led
sitting on pin 13. I
like that. I like that.
It's not trying to hide
the board from me. And,
you know, there's general purpose
IO and there's pins. And
if the pins labeled 13,
the code can say 13,
it's nice and clean five
dot led dot strobe or
dot blink or dot whatever.
Right. So it really is
that that's straight forward. That's,
that's really a Testament to
the Johnny five library almost
more than it is to
note itself. It is, it
is. And so the person
behind Johnny five is a
good friend of mine, Rick
Waldron. Who's actually on the
board of jQuery. He's on
he's, he's one of those
guys who's helping push JavaScript
forward. So you can kind
of see the, you can
see jQuery in this and
all of his experience. And
he's really, really made an
effort to just make this
as easy as possible to
just get started. And, and
what's beautiful is this little
example that you're seeing on
node about stat IO, you
can actually go even deeper,
right? Like instead of just
13, you can actually send
in a Jason option, you'd
say pin 13 and I
want it to be well.
So at least for the
led, it's a little, it's
not as exciting, but for
like a servo, you can
say, I want it to
go clockwise or counterclockwise. I
wanted to do so you
can, you can send in
like an object, a Jayson
object and really define what
that whole thing is Phrased
phrase differently. When I say,
you know, make a new
motor or make a new
servo, I can pass in
basically an anonymous hash table
of name value pairs, which
are all the parameters that
I want to load it
up with all the behaviors
as a, as a payload,
it's almost like a big
optional parameters list. Right? Exactly.
Exactly. So in JavaScript, as
opposed to some other languages,
instead of having a comma
separated list, while you can
do that in, in JavaScript,
if you have a very
long list, it's generally a
little bit more, the, the
practices is a little bit
more to send in a
hash, which we, it for
us, it's a Jason object
and, and that has all
that information, but in one
parameter, as opposed to say
up to a million. Yeah.
You know, and that's actually
a really interesting point that's
worth kind of like going
over again that, like, I
think thinking about me as
a, as a primarily C
sharp developer and one that's
been doing it for, you
know, 10 years of C-sharp,
we would have these extremely
long, you know, operator overload
kind of things, method overloads,
where we'd have like one
of seven, you know, and
then towards the end of
the, the, the, this comma,
this comma, this, it would
just go to hell with
all due respect. It would
just be like, okay, just
take an object. I have
no idea what you, you
know, what you want from
me. And it's a mess
to program it's a mess
to use. And it was
all in this idea that
we would try to support
and tell a sense, but
then JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery, plugins
have this idea of passing
an adjacent object and saying,
here's my payload. If it's
there, use it. If it's
not use a smart default,
right. It's a much more
elegant way of kind of
like setting up a state
machine than a whole pile
of overloads. Right? Exactly. Exactly.
So I'm looking here at
the Johnny five library. You
can get this of course
up at get hub at,
at Rick Walden's site, he's
got servos and motors and
sonar and claws and all
this stuff. Now these make
an assumption, of course, that
you're still you're using an
Arduino, but if I'm going
to do something like a
claw, is, is this a
specific physical object I have
to buy? How do I
reconcile what the code does
versus what the hardware I
happen to have is Right.
So, so certainly, so most
of these things on the
Johnny five repo are things
that other people have done
with whatever they have. Johnny
five itself is just a,
it's like a base system.
So you can really build
whatever you want. Now yes,
you can go online and
buy a claw. Or if
you want to be super
hackery, you can, you can
print your own. If you
have your own three D
printer, I'm just saying, Yeah,
You could do that. Or
you could just say, you
know what, I'm not going
to do a clot. I'm
just going to have an
led while I wait until
I get a claw or
something like that. But certainly
you can do whatever you
want. It's, it's just about
it. Really. I like to
think about Johnny five is
the Legos needed for your,
your larger Lego project. So
then presumably I could come
at any point and I
could add Johnny five dot
arm and have that be
my own thing. Absolutely. There's,
there's actually a, I believe
there's a sensor. So like
you could create your own,
I mean, it's super extensible
in the sense that you
could create your own claw
function and then just have
like a claw dot on
covid.org or, or open or
close, or, you know, Claude
that lift, if you want
it to that basically has
all the functionality that says
I'm going to open my
claw and reach for the
can close the call around
the can and pick up
the can or something like
that. Assuming you have a
claw that picks up soda
cans or something, Is node
fast enough on an Arduino,
or is it an Arduino
thing that might prevent you
from doing something like video
recognition and having an, having
it recognized that there's a
can there and then picking
it up? Right. So it's
important to note that the
code does not necessarily run
on Arduino itself. So the
way that it works is
you have, you have node
running on your machine, so
on your, on your personal
computer, and then you use
a USB cable to send
commands. So, so the way
it works is you've got
Johnny five, which is Brian,
right, which is a library
on node. And Johnny five
goes through and, and talks
to a note for Mada,
which is the node kind
of wrapper around for Mada.
That basically then turns all
of the notes, stuff that
you've written in Johnny five
and turns it into four
Mata calls. And then the
fermata calls are sent across
the wire to Arduino, and
that's kind of translated into
Arduino code. And then that
all kind of turns on
and off different pins, et
cetera. Okay. So the Arduino
isn't the brain, it's the
nervous system. Exactly, exactly. And
so if you wanted to
do comp like the camera,
like if you wanted to
have object recognition with some
sort of camera or connection
like that, right. You would
probably actually not connect that
to your Arduino. You'd probably
connect that to your CA
your computer, and then you
would use other libraries to
kind of connect everything together
and have it all flow.
So, so what some people
are doing actually is connecting
raspberry pies to their Arduinos
and having everything run off
of the pie. And then
that way, cause the raspberry
pie is like this little
credit card size computer. That
is awesome. You're point out
that a raspberry PI actually
has some oomph to it
and can do some work
while an Arduino is really
slow. Cause I mean, it's
dumb. It's, it's literally just
it's, you know, it's an
IO just on off, turn
it on off, you know,
turn it off. I'm realizing
we don't have, I was
worried about the re they
are doing those feelings, but
ultimately I don't really care
what are doing, although, you
know, if it had, like,
if I started to anthropomorphize
that, you know, this really
cute robot, I'm going to
feel sad, but the Arduino
isn't powerful enough to run
nodes. So this is an
interesting point. And this is
a real interesting philosophical architectural
decision that you've made here
is you're saying we love
doing node and we have
really powerful computers and it's
okay to have them, at
least while we're doing our
testing tethered with a USB
cable. Cause some people might
say, Oh, you got all
this way into the podcast.
And there's like a giant
desktop computer and I can
only get the robot as
far as USB reaches. Right?
Well, so the, the, the
solutions to that are several
fold. Number one, use a
really, really long USB cable
number two, number two, get
yourself a nice mini laptop,
like a Mac book air,
or, or one of those,
you know, tiny 10 inch
laptops or Rick has actually
been working on using a,
having it wireless. So you
could basically have you have
two boards, you have Arduino
one that has a it.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. And, and
then you basically, Yes, by
the way, ZigBee is sometimes
called zigb E but it's
like tiny Bluetooth. Maybe It's
more like a radio. I
think of it more as,
as a radio instead of
a Bluetooth. But the idea
is still the same. You
basically have you basically just
sending all of your Johnny
five slash fermata code over
the air to your other
robot. And so I've actually
seen it in action. So
you can have your little
robot running around separately. So
it's kind of like a
wireless serial port. Yes. Okay.
So I have a question
and I haven't done this
before on this show. I'm
going to actually take my
headphones on. I'm going to
run five feet over there.
I'm going to show you
something. And I want you
to tell me if I
can make it a robot,
hang on. Okay. You entertain
the people. All right. So
I would like to say
that coming up in December,
if this is something that
really interests you in December,
we have robots comp, which
is a poly language conference.
So whether you're a.net or
a Ruby or a Python
or a JavaScript or anything
else, sort of developer, and
you want to kind of
bridge the gap between software
and hardware and, and start
hacking away. It's a two
day conference and Amelia Island,
Florida. It's amazing. I have
this, I have a really
awesome discount code. So if
that's something that interests you
definitely take part a robots,
cuff.com. The discount code is
poly bots, P O L
Y B O T S.
So it's not just node
bots. It's it's any language
bot P O L Y
B O T S N.
Scott. We'll put that in
the show notes. I'm sure.
Great. Cool. So yeah, now
you're like a cohost. This
is good. Alright, so check
this out. So I'm, we're
on Skype. I'm holding this
up, I've got this robot
that I got@roboticsconnection.com and it's
kind of this, it looks
like an orange trap OID,
and it's got really awesome.
Like again, I know nothing
about electronics, but I know
it has really awesome wheels
and it has a cool
wireless antenna thing and a
giant nine volt battery. And,
but it is discontinued. I
can't find any information about
it. All I know is
that it has a light
when I turn it on
and it has a bunch
of control ports and stuff
like that. I don't think
that's an Arduino inside. It.
It's just some thing that
robots, connection.com made. Right. But
I don't know anything about
soldering or like, I don't
have a multimedia. Let's say
I think that we go
to Goodwill sometimes and we
find a dead robot and
we want to bring it
back to life. My five-year-old
desperately wants to fix this.
How would I go and
take an, a robot of
unknown origin here and potentially
get this thing to move.
If I don't know about
it, I don't know much
like what I just get
in Arduino and start seeing
if I could get a
motor to move. I, I
would say so. So depending
on how attached to it,
you are, I mean, that's
a great looking chassis, so
that's fine. Yeah. So you've
just said basically everything is
useless, but the chassis even
has an eyeball on the
front there. Yeah. Well, so
that sensor, I know you
can use that sensor in
Johnny five. So all you
need to do is really
just kind of disconnect, like,
you know, cut the, cut
the wires as close to
the board as possible. So
you have as much leeway,
right. It comes off. They're
all, they're all in there
just on pressure so I
can tear it apart completely.
Yeah. So then, you know,
start playing around with definitely
start plugging things in. I
would definitely recommend starting out
with some, you know, go
to documentation, do whatever, like
do a little bit of
research. But if you're IRC,
which I know is totally,
you know, 1996 of me
to say, but if you're
on IRC, there's, we're in
Freenode of robot, a robot
JS, hashtag robot JS. And
there's a bunch of us
who hang out in there.
And a lot of us
are perfectly happy to answer
questions. So, you know, send
some pictures out into the
world and ask around Twitter
is a great way to
get ahold of different people.
We're happy to answer questions
any time, but definitely to
start. So the biggest thing
I think software people have
that they're scared about, which
is a total misnomer to
me. I mean, software people
are perfectly willing to spend
six hours in the middle
of the night with this
brand new idea. And they'll
just hack away on, on
code and have something the
next day, you know, like
they'll have like a webpage
and all this stuff. And
you're like, Whoa, you did
this in six hours. But
as soon as they see
hardware, they're like, Oh my
God, what if I break
it? Yeah, exactly. That you're
exactly right. I will spend
days and days and days
trying to get a bootstrap
template look perfect, but I
don't want to shock myself.
Like I'm looking at this
thing and I'm like, well,
I know it's got great
motors cause they're heavy, but
I'm going to totally shock
myself and then I'll be
dead and they'll find my
body. And they'll like, No,
but see, here's the other
thing, right? Like as long
as you, you, you focus
on some really basic stuff.
So first of all, if
you found that at Goodwill,
I mean, hypothetically, so a
lot of this stuff is
not that expensive. And if
you really want to be
careful in terms of your
money and, and your, you
know, internal systems, whatever. Yeah.
Life, Your internal systems. I
just don't want to shock
myself. These motors look awesome.
I know. So what you
could do is you could
just go online, go to
spark fund, get the spark
fund in ventures, kit. And
it comes with a couple
of teeny little motors that
with it, it doesn't take
very much voltage. It won't
hurt you. You could literally
like stick it to your
tongue and it won't hurt
you that much. I'm glad
that you know, that It's
super scary, but, but the
point is that just, you
should just experiment. It's really
not that dangerous. Like the
most you're putting into your
system is like nine volts.
I mean, coming out of
your USB, if you don't
even add any batteries and
you're just using your Arduino,
you're not even going to
get a full five volts
out of your USB, hooked
up to your, you know,
you're not going to hurt
yourself. And, and it's okay
to break stuff like a
resistor costs. I think like
half a penny or something
like, like you buy 50
resistors for like two bucks.
It's not that expensive at
all. Just start playing around,
start figuring things out, ask
questions, ask lots and lots
of questions. Soldering can be
a little scary at first,
but once you get it,
you like, I love doing
with people and showing them
how to like light an
led. And I feel like,
I feel like Prometheus's bringing
fire to the people, you
know, like it's just, it's
amazing. People are like, Oh
my God, I can turn
on lights. I need to
think it's silly, but it's
really powerful because then as
soon as, as soon as
I do that and I'm
like, okay, here are a
bunch of motors and things
go forth and then people
will build just the most
amazing stuff. So yes. All
I have to say is
try it, go ask the
questions, let me ask you
this. Yeah. Build stuff. And
you go to their house
and see their garage. And
there's like, it's strewn about
with like half done robots.
How many robots have you
built where they're in your
life still like, you know,
I was watching the beginning
of back to the future
and the very first back,
the future Marty comes into
doc Scott's or doc Brown's
office. And like the alarm
goes off in this kind
of whole row, Rube Goldberg
and thing where the robot
makes toast for him and
feeds the dog. Do you
have any robots in your
life that are like getting
you a soda? No, not
right now. So the thing
is that I think having
robots that bring you sodas,
it's a really hard problem
to solve. It's super hard.
I mean, if you think
about it, like we take
for granted, the fact that
we're able to a balance,
right. Balance is such a
hard problem to solve. We
take for granted that we
can see computer vision is
hard. We, we know where
we are in our house,
state estimation and, and understanding
your environment is a really
hard problem to solve. So
just those basic things are,
and now you have to
think about, okay, well now
I want this robot to
go from where I am
now, all the way over
to the kitchen, open the
refrigerator, pick up a soda.
And it's not just as
simple as go get me
a soda. It's, you know,
go three steps forward, turn
right, goes 17 steps forward,
turn, left. Don't trip on
anything, open the door, step
back, like, look through, look
at your, your refrigerator, where
is the sodium to find
it. And then you have
to like, you know, put
your arm out and then
it's not just grab the
soda. It's open your claw,
bind the soda, like put
the soda in there, claw,
close the club, come back.
Like all of those are
And any one of those
has it even deeper problems?
Like how much pressure do
you put on the claw?
And what if you're crushing
it? What if you picked
some hot sauce instead of
a soda and on and
on Exactly. There's this, there's
actually a video on YouTube.
There's this company called Willow
garage and they have this
robot called the PR too.
And I think Willow is
actually slowly disappearing. And the
PR team just continued. Yeah.
Which is too bad. But
there is this YouTube video
so exists and you can
actually see this robot and
they've basically they've, they've like
they, they show it at
like six X speed and
it, it still takes like
10 minutes for this robot
to go from one end
of the, of the office,
over to the, to the
refrigerator, pick up a soda
and come back. And it's
just like, so it takes
like half an hour for
this robot to go all
the way over and come
all the way. Yeah. I
think even the lazy laziest
of us would eventually just
get up and go and
get there. I mean, if
you had to wait 30
minutes for your robot to
bring you the soda or
just, you know, get up
yourself and take 30 seconds,
it's hard, but they're coming,
right. I mean, we have,
we have, we're about to
vacuum for us. And we
have robots that mopped for
us. And we have robots
that clean our pools and
clean out our gutters. And
so it's, it's coming the,
the, where I'm working right
now, I work at a
company called SaaS labs and
we're working on robots that
will test your mobile apps
for you. So we're doing
a lot of really cool
things. Robots are not just
the whimsical fun things of
once upon a time, they're
actually going to be really
useful for a long time
coming forward. Well then it
may actually be that we
won't end up with robots
that can balance and walk
around. It seems that node
copters and these quad copters
are actually much easier to
program and control. We can
fly something and have it
hover more, more easily than
we can make it simply
walk on two feet. We
may end up having a
node copter, go over, open
the fridge and then fly
me a soda before we'll
have one that can walk
over there. Absolutely. Or, or
even better. You just have
one robot whose entire job
it is, is to open
the refrigerator, grab the soda
and close the refrigerator. And
then you have the node
copter pick up your, pick
up the soda from that
robot and then deliver it
to you. So you don't
even have to have one
robot that does everything. And
this is the problem because
now in my mind, I
can see the solution, the
robot, the robot soda arm
will live in the fridge.
So it will actually push
the fridge from the inside
out, ah, there, and then
have, then an arm will
extend out of the fridge.
So the fridge will offer
the soda up. See, this
is like, this is all
like love Demeter and everything
like that. Right? So now
I'm trying to figure out,
you know, single responsibility principle.
It is there's one robot
to open the door one
to extend the soda, the
node copter then flies over
there. And then all I
have to do is make
sure it doesn't hit the
children as it comes to.
And, and you know, that
should be fine. Just make
sure that, that it flies
at a high enough height
that your children could, you
know, be standing and it
won't hit them. Yeah. Sounds
good, Scott. I think, I
think you should go to
it and I'll see you
in a couple of months,
look forward to seeing it.
Cause now I know you're
just gonna sit there and
like you're working on it.
I got to figure out
how this, there has to
be a way for me
to get a soda. I
really appreciate you sharing this
passion with, with us and
give me a link, a
bunch of links. We'll put
them at the show notes.
And of course we've got
a special code for people
who want to go to
the conference. This has been
great. Thank you so much
as always. It's super fun.
Anytime you want to talk
about robots, holler, man, Twitter,
anytime. Very cool. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.